# WebTechLec-Short-

Mass media and communication is built to be informative, to give communication, to entertain, to give a warning to people that is in danger and to let the world become one. The Mass media has many forms it can be written and published in newspapers and magazines, it can be spoken then broadcast in radios, or it can be an act in movies or being broadcast in our television. Mass media is reaching a vast audience, now even the whole world by the help of our technology, it is just one click away and the power to know or to be updated is in the tip of your hands.

Years before the mass media technology was invented, people are going out without a cell phone, or watching news in television, wherein, we gain information only in newspapers which was been published from the past days. But what will happen to us if we didn’t know our current events and upcoming events that will occur to us especially when it comes to weather updates, casualties, and currently happening on other places. Now a day, people use their phones to get updates about what is going on in the world. In any place they go, they just going to open an application on their phones or application market to gain information about current events and or upcoming events that will occur. That’s why people now a day knows what is the current event and people know where or when to get ready when danger will occur or receive a warning to evacuate themselves when it comes to calamities and typhoons because our mass media today are always updated (i.e. past, present, future).  All in all, based from experience, we know that having mass media gives us stability and safety on day to day activities.


What would happen to our world if people lost their communication? i.e. no cell phones, no internet, fax mail, and others, maybe all of us need to go to the person just to give the information we want to tell, or maybe until now, we are still using a sender/receiver person like in world war, or using an eagle or bird to send a letter to the person we want to received. All in all, we need to create whole letter so that, in return, they will reply the letter that what we need to talk about it. And just like in world war, we need to create our own language so that, nobody will intercept the information that was been rendered or only the two of you only knows what the information is talking about. And back to our sender person and eagle, what will happen to them if they been killed by the people or by the weather, we don’t know if the letter has been reached to the person we want to receive, and it takes time and days to send the letter to the person we want to received. That’s why, we created a technology to help and ease our communication or to lessen the time sending the information to the person we want to received. We don’t need to create long information, because in a short information, automatically, it is being replied and received in the other side. We can call and chat on the spot when danger is being occurred. 

A world without Mass Media and Communication is a lonely world. Countries or just even provinces or regions or states are isolated to each other, foreign from each other and afraid what is the world beyond their places. Isolation regresses or stops a nation to be more progress by not sharing communications from other nation. It keeps them from sharing or receiving information that is essential to a nation. As we can see in our present day, countries are forming unions and gathering allies to become strong and become more powerful. Joining a union or is an ally of a country guaranty some things like safety, and economical help. For example, when another nation attacks an ally nation, the allied nations can call help to aid them from war, or help and support a nation if there is a dispute among other nations. As or economical help allied nations can asked for resources and manpower that they don’t have and send this to the allied nations, other nations can invest on other nations and have an exchange of benefits to each other. This is the help our a good communication, as we can see without communication we are stuck in our own world, not be able to expand our knowledge and awareness, not be able to help others when they are in danger or needed help, not be able to express yourself in to the world and not be able to reach out to the persons you love. 
